User documentation for the new decompiler (#2394)
radareorg/cutter: docs/source/user-docs/menus/decompiler-context-menu.rst

Decompiler Context Menu 
==============================
The decompiler context menu contains actions that are available for the location under cursor.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :glob:

   decompiler-context-menu/*

Copy
----------------------------------------
**Description:** If text is selected, copy selected text. Otherwise, if a word is highlighted, copy that word. In all other cases, copy the line under the cursor.

**Steps:**  Right-click on a selected text and choose ``Copy``  

> **Shortcut:** :kbd:`Ctrl` + :kbd:`C`  

Author: Changed as suggested.

Decompiler Context Menu 
==============================
The decompiler context menu contains actions that are available for the location under cursor.

Copy
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** If text is selected, copy selected text. Otherwise, if a word is highlighted, copy that word. In all other cases, copy the line under the cursor.

Author: Changed as suggested.

**Steps:**  Right-click on a selected text and choose ``Copy``

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`Ctrl-C`  

Copy Instruction Address
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Copy the address of the instruction mapped to the part of code under the cursor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Copy the address of the instruction mapped to the part of the code under the cursor.
```

> **Steps:**  Right-click on a location and choose ``Copy instruction address(<address>)``

Author: Rephrased to ```Copy the address of the instruction mapped to the part of code under the cursor.```

Copy Address of Reference
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Copy the address of the reference under cursor. References include functions, global variables, and constant variables with an address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Copy the address of the reference under the cursor. References include functions, global variables, and constant variables with an address.
```

> **Steps:**  Right-click on a location and choose ``Copy  address of [<name of reference>](<address>)``  

Author: Changed. Please check now.

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`Ctrl-Shift-C`

> Show the code in another widget

Author: I could find this only one location iirc. Please check again.

----------------------------------------
**Description:** Show the code under cursor in another opened widget, or open a new one. If a non-decompiler widget is chosen, the address mapped to the portion of code under the cursor will be opened in that widget.

> **Steps:**  Right-click on an item and choose the ``Show in`` sub-menu.

Author: Rephrased to ```Right-click on an item and go to the :menuselection:`Show in` submenu. You can choose a widget or open a new widget from here.```

Show the selected item in another widget
----------------------------------------
**Description:** Show the selected item in another opened widget, or open a new one. Items include functions, global variables, and constant variables under the cursor.

> **Steps:**  Right-click on an item and choose the ``Show [item] in`` sub-menu.

Author: Fixed.

Add and Edit Comment
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Add a comment in the location under the cursor or edit the comment in the location under the cursor. Edit comment option is available only for user defined comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Description:** Add a comment in the location under the cursor or edit the comment in the location under the cursor. The ``Edit Comment`` option is only available for user defined comments.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

> **Steps:** Right-click and choose `Add Comment` or `Edit Comment`.

Reviewer 2: need to use double backtics

```suggestion
**Steps:** Right-click and choose ``Add Comment`` or ``Edit Comment``.
```

Check all other places for the same mistake

Author: Changed as suggested.

> **Description:** Add a comment in the location under the cursor or edit the comment in the location under the cursor. The ``Edit comment`` option is only available for user defined comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Add a comment in the location under the cursor or edit the comment in the location under the cursor. The ``Edit comment`` option is only available for user-defined comments.
```

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`;`

Delete a Comment
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Delete the comment at the location under the cursor. This option is only available for user defined comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Delete the comment at the location under the cursor. This option is only available for user-defined comments.
```

**Steps:** Right-click on an instruction with a user-defined comment and choose ``Delete comment``  

Rename function
----------------------------------------
**Description:** Rename the function under cursor. 

> **Steps:** Right-click the function name and choose ``Rename function <name of function>``  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Steps:** Right-click on a function name and choose ``Rename function <name of function>``  
```

Author: Changed.

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`N`

Give a name or rename global variables
----------------------------------------
**Description:** Give a name or rename the global variable under the cursor.

> **Steps:** Right-click the global variable and choose ``Add name to <address of global variable>`` or ``Rename [name]``.

Reviewer 2: mixed `<placeholder>` and `[placeholder]`

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`N`

Delete the name of global variable
----------------------------------------
**Description:** Delete the name of the global variable under the cursor.

> **Steps:** Right-click the global variable and choose ``Remove [name of global variable]``.

Reviewer 2: also, notice the mixture of `<placeholder>` and `[placeholder]` please also check it across the PR

```suggestion
**Steps:** Right-click on a global variable and choose ``Remove [name of global variable]``.
```

Author: Checked across PR.

> Delete the name of global variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the name of a global variable
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

Rename Function Variable
----------------------------------------
**Description:** Rename local variables and arguments in the decompiled function. Note that this option is available only for function variables defined in the disassembly.

> **Steps:** Right-click the variable and choose ``Rename variable [name]``. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Steps:** Right-click on a variable and choose ``Rename variable [name]``. 
```

this mistake is repeating, please check across the entire PR

Author: Fixed in multiple places in the document. Please check again.

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`N` 

Edit Local Variables and Arguments
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Rename or set the types of the function's variables and arguments. Note that this option is available only for function variables defined in the disassembly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Description:** Rename or set the types of the function's variables and arguments. Note that this option is available only for function variables and arguments defined in the disassembly.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

**Steps:** Right-click on a variable and choose ``Edit variable <name>``.

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`Y`

Show Cross References
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Show X-Refs to the reference under cursor. This option will open Cutter's X-Refs dialog in which you will be able to see a list of X-Refs from and to the address of the reference. You can also see a preview of each cross-reference to quickly inspect the different usages. Note that references refer to function names, global variables, and constant variables with an address.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Show X-Refs to the reference under the cursor. This option will open Cutter's X-Refs dialog in which you will be able to see a list of X-Refs from and to the address of the reference. You can also see a preview of each cross-reference to quickly inspect the different usages. Note that references refer to function names, global variables, and constant variables with an address.  
```

Author: Changed as suggested. This and every other suggestion you have made.

**Steps:** Right-click on a reference and choose ``Show X-Refs``  

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`X`

Manage Breakpoints in the Context Menu
=======================================
Add or Remove Breakpoint in the line
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Add a breakpoint at the earliest offset in the line under the cursor. If you use the shortcut and if multiple breakpoints are present in a line, all of them will be removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Description:** Add a breakpoint at the earliest offset in the line under the cursor. If you use the keyboard shortcut to remove a breakpoint, all the breakpoints defined in the line will be removed.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

**Steps:** Right-click on an instruction and choose ``Breakpoint -> [Add][Remove] [all] breakpoint[s in line]``  

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`F2`  

Advanced Breakpoint Dialog
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Open the advanced breakpoint dialog. This dialog lets you define not only a regular breakpoint in this address, but also a Hardware breakpoint, a conditional breakpoint, and more.

Reviewer 2: Either "**H**ardware breakpoint" and "**C**onditional breakpoint" or don't capitalize any

Author: Made it lower case.

> **Steps:** Right-click on an instruction and choose ``Breakpoint -> Advanced breakpoint``. If multiple breakpoints are present in the line, you will be able choose the breakpoint you want to edit from the ``Edit breakpoint`` submenu.

Reviewer 2: see :menuselection: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#role-menuselection

Author: Changed as suggested.

**Shortcut:** :kbd:`Ctrl-F2`

Debug Context Menu
=======================================
Continue Until Line
----------------------------------------
**Description:** Continue the execution of the program until it reaches the offset in the selected line. The program is not guaranteed to ever reach this address and will keep running until exited or until reached another breakpoint. If other breakpoints hit before reaching this line, they will be triggered and pause the execution. *This option is only available on Debug or Emulation modes*.      

> **Steps:** While in Debug or Emulation modes, right-click and address and choose ``Debug -> Continue until line``.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Steps:** While in Debug or Emulation modes, right-click on an address and choose ``Debug -> Continue until line``.  
```

Reviewer 2: see :menuselection:

Author: Changed as suggested.

Set Program Counter (PC)
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Set the Program Counter of the debuger to the current offset. For example, on an Intel 64bit program, Cutter will set the value of the RIP register to the current address.  *This option is only available on Debug or Emulation modes*.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Set the Program Counter of the debugger to the current offset. For example, on an Intel 64bit program, Cutter will set the value of the RIP register to the current address.  *This option is only available on Debug or Emulation modes*.  
```

Author: Changed as suggested.
